gotta be kidding me where is this guy
hi I'm dr. Stephen strange master of the
mystic arts
sorry I'm late that the traffic on the
astral plane was unbelievable
it's 3:30 you were supposed to be here
at 3 o'clock I'm not paying for the last
half hour nice to meet you too
now we dispense with a small talk show
me the demons alright here they are I
[Applause]
don't understand are they possessed
basically they're like 50 cupcakes
no no vanquishing just pull a rabbit out
of somewhere do tricks
a rabbit yeah look I think it's been a
misunderstanding I don't do tricks you
don't do tricks No hey this clearly says
the mightiest magician in the cosmos
everyone it saturates their LinkedIn
profile don't they I mean look at yours
Jimmy Kimmel America's favorite
late-night host that's true is that not
true is it
hey that is a really cute necklace is
that ex do not touch the sorry hey you
know what I don't think this is working
out I think I'm just gonna take this
money and hire a spongebob or something
thanks for coming how much $150 wait I
have an idea
Shok next happy birthday to the worst
Marcus Marcus oh he went home do you
want to go home with Marcus be quiet
[Music]
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy